DOCSP-35751 Expand EF core provider overview (#17)
mongodb/docs-entity-framework: source/index.txt

------------

Welcome to the documentation site for the official {+provider-long+}.

> You can add the {+provider-short+} to your .NET application as an object-relational mapper

Reviewer: Suggestion:

I think it would be good to use source constant for all instances of a value to enforce consistency in capitalization. No need for proactive changes everywhere, but would be helpful to use it in the same PR as it's introduced.

```suggestion
You can add the {+provider-short+} to your {+language-dotnet+} application as an object-relational mapper
```

> (ORM) to work with data in MongoDB. The provider allows you to access and manipulate data in

Reviewer: Issue:
From the style guide on "[allow](https://www.mongodb.com/docs/meta/style-guide/terminology/alphabetical-terms/#a)":
>  Use allow only when discussing permission. Avoid using allow to imply that a program, feature, or product permits a user to do something. Use you can instead. Enables is also acceptable.

Suggestion:
```suggestion
(ORM) to work with data in MongoDB. You can use the provider to access and manipulate data in
```

> (ORM) to work with data in MongoDB. The provider allows you to access and manipulate data in
> your application without explicitly running database commands. The {+provider-short+}

Reviewer: Suggestion:

I think the current sentence structure ("manipulate data in your application") makes it slightly ambiguous as to what data it refers to.

I think by changing the preposition, it might be less ambiguous.

```suggestion
(ORM) to work with data in MongoDB. You can use the provider to access and manipulate data from
your application without explicitly running database commands. The {+provider-short+}
```

tracks any queries or data changes you make, and automatically runs them on the

> database using the MongoDB Query API.

Reviewer: Issue:
From the style guide on "[using](https://www.mongodb.com/docs/meta/style-guide/terminology/alphabetical-terms/#std-term-using)":
> Don't use using (alone) or with. By using is easier for worldwide audiences to understand.

Suggestion:
```suggestion
database by using the MongoDB Query API.
```
